A stumble may prevent a fall
All good things come to those who wait
Everyone must row with the oars he has
Every path has its puddle
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb
One of these days is none of these days
Revenge is a dish best served cold
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow
Beauty without grace is like a hook without bait.
Out of the frying pan and into the fire
Might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb 
Six of one, half a dozen of the other
In for a penny, in for a pound
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched 
Do not cross your bridges before you get to them
A stitch in time saves nine 
Time and tide wait for no man
To listen is to learn, and to understand is to inspire.
A lie well stuck to is as good as the truth. 

A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
A man's reach should exceed his grasp
A miss is as good as a mile
Half a loaf is better than none
All good things come to those who wait
Time and tide wait for no man
Birds of a feather flock together
Opposites attract
Clothes make the man
Never judge a book by its cover
Do not cross your bridges before you come to them
Forewarned is forearmed
Doubt is the beginning of wisdom
Faith will move mountains
Good things come in small packages
The bigger the better
Great starts make great finishes
It is not over until it is over
He who hesitates is lost
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread
Look before you leap
Practice makes perfect
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
Silence is golden
The squeaky wheel gets the grease
The pen is mightier than the sword
Actions speak louder than words
you are never too old to learn
You cannot teach an old dog new tricks
what is good for the goose is good for the gander
One man's meat is another man's poison.
Wise men think alike, but Fools seldom differ
Curiosity killed the cat
Necessity is the mother of invention
The pen is mightier than the sword
there is a light at the end of the tunnel
Familiarity breeds contempt
People living in glass houses should not pelt stones

If you are too open-minded, your brains will fall out.
Age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you have never tried before.
Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious.
It is easier to ask for forgiveness than permission.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.
Always yield to temptation, because it may not pass your way again.
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
Eat well, stay fit, die anyway.
No husband has ever been shot while doing the dishes.
it is amazing what you will not find if you Do not look for it, especially if it is not there.
it is a dog eat dog world.
Every dog has its day

A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love.
It takes two to make a quarrel.
It takes two to tango
Idle hands are the devil's playthings
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
All is fair in love and war
There is no accounting for taste
You never miss the water until the well runs dry
Fire fire everywhere and not a drop to drink
You cannot squeeze blood from a stone
Where there is a will, there is a way
When God closes a door, he opens a window
Today, you; tomorrow, me
Safety in numbers
Speak of the devil and he will appear
April showers bring May flowers
The sea refuses no river
Penny wise and pound foolish
In for a penny, in for a pound
March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb
Money talks
Life finds a way
Love will find a way
Love begets love
Company makes the feast
Keep your shop and your shop will keep you
Beauty is only skin deep
A bad craftsman blames his tools
All is grist that comes to the mill
The exception proves the rule
Everybody's business is nobody's business
Easy come, easy go
Empty sacks will never stand upright
Divide and conquer
The darkest hour is just before dawn
He who lives by the sword dies by the sword
Good fences make good neighbors
The good die young
Good things happen to good people
Give a man enough rope and he will hang himself
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride
You catch more flies with honey than vinegar
A watched pot never boils
Live, and learn
It is the last straw that breaks the camel's back

If the shoe fits, wear it
If something is worth doing, it is worth doing well
Half the truth is often a whole lie
Give credit where credit is due
Give and take is fair play
Every man has his price
Waste not, want not
Variety is the spice of life
Two is company, three is a crowd
Knowledge is power
Cleanliness is next to Godliness
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing
The best laid plans of mice and men often go awry
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder

You cannot have your cake and eat it too
You cannot teach an old dog new tricks
The worth of a thing is what it will bring.
A woman's work is never done.
Whom the Gods love die young.
While There is life There is hope.
When one door shuts, another opens.
What you do not know cannot hurt you.
What cannot be cured must be endured.
Truth lies at the bottom of a well.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
To err is human, to forgive is divine
Times change and we with time.
Time will tell.
Threatened men live long.
There is none so deaf as those who will not hear.
There is none so blind as those who will not see.
There is no place like home.
There is no fool like an old fool.
There is truth in wine.
There is nothing new under the sun.
There is a time and place for everything.
Stretch your arm no further than your sleeve will reach.
The sooner the better
Something is better than nothing.
One bad apple spoils the bunch
Small choice in rotten apples.
Seek, and you shall find
Second thoughts are best.
Revenge is sweet.
Revenge is a dish best served cold
Poverty is not a crime.
An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept.
Opportunity never knocks twice at any man's door.
One hand washes the other.
One cannot love and be wise.
No pain, no gain.
Never tell tales out of school.
Never speak ill of the dead.
Never do evil that good may come of it.
Money makes money.
Money makes a man.
Clothes make the man
Like breeds like.
Familiarity breeds contempt
If you run after two hares you will catch neither.
It is a poor dog that is not worth whistling for.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
He lives long who lives well.
Fish and guests stink after three days.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
Do not cut off your nose to spite your face.
Do as you would be done by.
Do unto others as you would have others do unto you
Silence is golden
A penny saved is a penny earned
Brevity is the soul of wit
Do as I say, not as I do.
A carpenter is known by his chips.
A bleating sheep loses a bite.
Four eyes see more than two.
A barking dog never bites.
As a tree falls, so shall it lie.
The apple never falls far from the tree
All is fish that comes to the net.
As you make your bed, so you must lie upon it.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
A place for everything, and everything in its place.
Good things come to those who wait

Death is whimsical today
Free your mind
Hello world
I dreamt I was a butterfly
I think, therefore I am.
Always strive for improvement.
Form is temporary, the spirit is eternal
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place
Every rooster crows in its own pen
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are headed
Existence is mysterious
